Add BoxyHQ Enterprise SSO (#62)
agamm/awesome-developer-first: README.md

*Products that handle authentication and user identity for you.*
* [Auth0](https://auth0.com/) - Authentication & authorization as a service.
* [AWS cognito](https://aws.amazon.com/cognito/) - AWS's authentication as a service.
* [BoxyHQ Enterprise SSO](https://boxyhq.com) - Open source API for enterprise SSO and Directory Sync.

> * [WorkOS](https://workos.com/) - Enterprise SSO (and a whole lot more).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [WorkOS](https://workos.com/) - Enterprise SSO and more out-of-the-box  enterprise features.
```
